[Music]
what's going on guys I just want to
quickly talk about the first I'm
releasing today it's called how to get
your video sponsor this quick 30-minute
course will include an email template
PDF the exact same template that I use
to contact these brands and companies a
video screenshot finding the right
companies and brands to work with also
I'll include an exclusive tip how to
easily find brands that are currently
sponsoring other youtube influencers and
content creators I'll also show you how
to find the right person to contact for
sponsorship and how to modify your
emails depending on the company that
you're contacting there also be a bonus
tips and advice PDF they just have tips
on how I shoot and edit these videos
thank you all for those who have
supported me I will be making more of
these courses so please feel free to let
me know what type of courses you want to
see in the future until then
[Music]